### DESIGNING AND PRESENTING RESEARCH ### 
For the Presentation of the trees and their facts, we knew that we wanted to break the presentation into multiple segments to make the information for palatable. We then decided that a good way to break up the infomation would be to present information about the leaves of each tree, the bark, and a fun fact about the tree. 
We then further decided that we needed a way to break up the information into different html files instead of using one large html, so we decided that sorting the trees by their leaf shape would allow for a rather even split of trees per html file. Once we decided upon that, we created a NavBar through bootstrap to be able to jump between those html files easily. 

# How to present the information # 
After we decided what information we wanted to convey to the user, we needed to decide on the implimentation behind it. That's when we decided that using a bootstrap accordion function would be the best option because it allows the user to interact with only the information that they want to deal with rather than being bombarded with paragraph after paragraph. Also, an accordion system for each tree was a good system because it meant that each tree's div did not need to take up too much space when the accordion was closed. We also wanted the user to be able to see images of the tree, leaves, and bark that we were teaching them about, so we decided on a way to display the image of the tree on the left hand side while the accordion is on the right. Within the accordion we added images for the leaves and bark respectively. These design decisions were done so that the user could be able to access both the visuals as well as the information in a palatable manner. 
Once we decided on a format for how to present each tree, we used that for every tree in our database. This part involved many hours of research in which we found information on every individual tree's leaves, bark, and information. Although the format of each tree is displayed in the same way, each tree has a unique accordion id which makes it so that when you open an accordion, only that one accordion opens.

# CSS Decisions # 
We knew that we wanted the CSS for the website to reflect the theme of trees, so we wanted both the background of the website as well as the borders and textboxes to reflect that. We decided that since our project is centered around Harvard Yard, we would use an image of Harvard Yard with trees as the background for the entire website. When we did this, we found that the image repeated too drastically and the repetition was too eye-catching, which is why we decided to blur the background of the image. The border color of textboxes and images as well as the background color of the textboxes are all different shades of green in order to create an atmosphere similar to the different shades of green of the trees. 

# Database Decisions #
After we decided upon all of the implementation for the static aspects of the website, we then set out to create a more interactive aspect of our website with the search function. This search function required us to create a database, which we named tree.db. From there we made a table within the database that held all of the information we would need about the various aspects of the tree that we had researched. We then created a finder html that allows the user to input various aspects of trees they are looking at and then it searches the database to return possible matches for the trees the user could be looking at. Each button option in the finder related to a possible category of trees in the yard, so once the user hits submit on their button combination, we get all the possible trees that fit that category and return them to found.html which renders them in a decent and presentable way. We also wanted the url of each tree to take it to exactly that tree, so we used <a> tags and made id's specific to each tree so that not only would the finder function take you to the right html, but would also take you to the specific tree.